RC: Account address separation (#1420)
redis/docs: content/operate/rc/changelog/may-2025.md

---
Title: Redis Cloud changelog (May 2025)
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- operate
- rc
description: New features, enhancements, and other changes added to Redis Cloud during

>   April 2025.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  May 2025.
```

highlights: Business address and billing address separation
linktitle: May 2025
weight: 30
---

## New features

### Business address and billing address separation

You can now have multiple credit cards with different billing addresses. See [Billing and payments]({{< relref "/operate/rc/billing-and-payments" >}}) to learn how to add a new credit card.

> Your account now also has a **Business address**, which can be found in [Account settings]({{< relref "/operate/rc/accounts/account-settings" >}}).

Reviewer 2: Maybe avoid PV? (Minor)
```suggestion
Your account now also has a **Business address**, which you can find in [Account settings]({{< relref "/operate/rc/accounts/account-settings" >}}).
```
